Improve dev tools in the Nix environment (#1666)
PostgREST/postgrest: nix/README.md

```

There is also `postgrest-style-check` that exits with a non-zero exit code if
the check resulted in any uncommited changes. It's mostly useful for CI.

## General development tools

Tools like `postgrest-build`, `postgrest-run` etc. are simple wrappers around
`cabal` and should do what you expect. `postgrest-check` runs most checks that will
also run in CI, with the exception of the IO and Memory checks that need to be run

> separarely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
separately.
```

> `postgrest-watch` takes a command as an argument that it will rerun if any source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`postgrest-watch` takes a command as an argument that it will re-run if any source
```
(same as below)

file is changed. For example, `postgrest-watch postgrest-test-spec-all` will re-run

> the full spec test suite againsg all PostgreSQL version on every change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the full spec test suite against all PostgreSQL versions on every change.
```

Author: Thanks! Completed this on my phone, works surprisingly well! But it's not so great for proof-reading :)
